cato-networks-c2c-docs (#2061)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/cato-networks-source.md

---
id: cato-networks-source
title: Cato Networks Source
sidebar_label: Cato Networks
description: Learn how to configure the Cato Networks Source Cloud-to-Cloud connector for Sumo Logic.
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/cato-logo.png')} alt="img/send-data/cato-logo.png" width="50"/>

Cato Networks is a cloud-native, global SD-WAN provider that delivers a secure, optimized, and agile global network for businesses of all sizes. Cato's cloud-based platform converges multiple network and security functions into a unified solution that includes SD-WAN, network security, cloud security, and secure access service edge (SASE) capabilities.

This source ingests Security and Audit events from Cato API.

## Data Sources

Cato Networks source ingests security events from [EventsFeed API](https://support.catonetworks.com/hc/en-us/articles/360019839477-Cato-API-EventsFeed-Large-Scale-Event-Monitoring) and audit events from [AuditFeed API](https://support.catonetworks.com/hc/en-us/articles/360017900857-Cato-API-AuditFeed).

## Prerequisite

> 1. Only account administrators with the Editor privilege can generate keys in the Cato Management Application (CMA).

Reviewer: @JV0812 as we discussed, these should be bulleted items (not numbered steps).

1. For ingesting security events you need to enable the events feeds in your account. Follow the below-mentioned steps to enable events feed:
    - In the navigation panel, select **System > API Access Management**.

>     - Select **Event Feed Enabled**. <br/>After this, your account starts sending events to the Cato API server. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/cato-c2c/cato-networks-enable-events-feed.png')} alt="cato-networks-enable-events-feed.png" width="700" />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Select **Event Feed Enabled**. After this, your account starts sending events to the Cato API server. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/cato-c2c/cato-networks-enable-events-feed.png')} alt="cato-networks-enable-events-feed.png" width="700" />
```

Reviewer 2: All C2Cs images are saved under the /img/send-data/. No need of separate folders.

## Setup and Configuration

In this configuration, you will set up the Cato Networks API Key and Account ID parameter to access the Cato networks API.

### API Key

All access to Cato networks require an API Key. Follow the below instructions to set up an API Key.

1. In the navigation menu, click **Administration > API Management**. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/cato-c2c/cato-networks-administration.png')} alt="cato-networks-administration.png" width="700" />
1. On the **API Keys** tab, click **New**. The **Create API Key** panel opens. 
1. Enter a **Key Name**. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/cato-c2c/cato-networks-new-api-key.png')} alt="cato-networks-new-api-key.png" width="250" />
1. Select **View** in the **API Permission**.
1. Select **Any IP** to allow this API key for any IP address under the **Allow Access from IPs** section.

> 1. (Optional) Select a date that the API key Expires at. If you select an expiration date then you need to update the source configuration with a new API Key or else an unauthorized error will be received.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. (Optional) Select a date when the API key expires. If you select an expiration date, then you need to update the source configuration with a new API key, or else an unauthorized error will be received.
```

> 1. Click **Apply**. The API key is added and a popup window containing the new API key is displayed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click **Apply**. The API key is added, and a popup window containing the new API key is displayed.
```

1. Click **Copy** to copy the API Key that is generated by the Cato Management Application and save it to a secure location.
:::note

> You cannot access the value for the API key once you close this window.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that the API key value will not be available after closing this window. Kindly ensure that you copy and securely save the API key before closing the window.
```

1. **Started**. A collection task is created on the Hosted Collector.
1. **Initialized**. The task configuration is complete in Sumo Logic.
1. **Authenticated**. The Source successfully authenticated with Cato Networks.
1. **Collecting**. The Source is actively collecting data from Cato Networks.

If the Source has any issues during any one of these states, it is placed in an **Error** state.

When you delete the Source, it is placed in a **Stopping** state. When it has successfully stopped, it is deleted from your Hosted Collector.
On the [Collection page](/docs/manage/health-events#collection-page), the Health and Status for Sources is displayed. You can click the text in the Health column, such as **Error**, to open the issue in Health Events to investigate.

## Setup Cato Networks Source

When you create an Cato Networks Source, you add it to a Hosted Collector. Before creating the Source, identify the Hosted Collector you want to use or create a new Hosted Collector. For instructions, see [Configure a Hosted Collector](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/configure-hosted-collector).

> To configure an Cato Networks Source:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To configure a Cato Networks Source:
```
